hey everybody doing another video this
one's a little bit different actually we
went for a walk and I found some really
cool stuff this is actually a wild
quinoa now it's not actually quinoa that
you get at the grocery store it's from
the same family and as a matter of fact
Native Americans of North America
actually grew this as a grain crop I
think they're saying around like 1,500
to 2,000 years ago where as quinoa in
Central America and like the Aztecs were
actually growing around 5,000 years ago
now they don't necessarily know whether
or not these were brought up from
Central America but but Native Americans
used to farm this before they farmed
maize now maize did make its way up from
Central America and once the the corn
stick came up here actually more
agriculture was based around maize and
about around corn but they did still
grow which is called goosefoot or also
lambsquarters and I got a couple a
couple plants here I'll show you main
way to tell whether it's lambs quarters
or Guzman and just look at the name the
leaves actually look like a deuce foot
and that's one of the main ways to tell
sometimes they have different lobes I
mean if you look like the younger leaves
they look a little bit different they
don't necessarily look like an actual
goosefoot but you know just take a look
at it and if you if you seen one of my
other videos about the quinoa I was
wondering about the little crystals that
are growing I've actually found out that
that's actually calcium quinoa has
actually is one of the plants that has
some of the most calcium in it it
actually compared to drink in milk it's
like five times as as good as calcium as
drinking milk
now um if you look real close you can
see like the little tips they're kind of
whitish in color looks like white fuzz
almost going on there
here's all the little baby ones not only
am I going to dig up some of these
little ones and transplant them but I'm
also going to harvest some of these seed
heads as well too
so that's what goose foot looks like and
I'll guarantee you there's a good chance
you've probably got the stuff grown
right behind your house in the woods or
like right here in the corner of a
sidewalk in a road where a bunch of
people's dogs probably pee so thanks for
watching and comment below
ever seen white ducks